Add what's new for 20200 for 1.0 (#20927)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  the ``fit`` function anymore, resulting in a more concise error message. :pr:`20899`
  by :user:`Adam Li <adam2392>`.

> - |Fix| Fixed a bug in :class:`cluster.KMeans` preventing reproducibility even with a
>   fixed ``random_state``. :pr:`20200` by :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| Fixed a bug in :class:`cluster.KMeans` ensuring reproducibility even with an
  int ``random_state``. :pr:`20200` by :user:`Jérémie du Boisberranger <jeremiedbb>`.
```

does it work with random states other than int?
